Constructor defination:
----------------------
						Constructor is a special member method which is automatically called by jym whenever  an object is created
						 for placing our own values without placing default values.
				The main aim of a constructor is to initialize an object
				
Rules for writing a constructor:
--------------------------------
	1.Constructor name is must be similar to class name.
	2.Constructor should not return any value even void also (if we write any return type to the constructor default treated as a method)	.
	3.Constructors are not static only public,private,protected ( Because of constructors will call each and every time when ever an object is created ).
	4.Constructors will not be inherited from one class to another class ( Because of every constructor is meant for initializing its own data members 
		but not meant for initializing other class data members).
	5.The access specifier of the constructor is may not may be private
			a)If access specifier of constructor is private 
			then we can create object of corresponding class in the same class context but not in other class context.
			b)If access specifier of constructor is  not private 
			then we can create object of corresponding class in the same class context and other class context.

Types of Constructors:
----------------------
	Based on the object creation, constructors are classified into two types 
	1.Default Constructors/parameterless/zero argument constructor
	2.Parameterized Constructors
	
1.Default Constructors:
------------------------
		a constructor is said to default if and only if it never takes any parameters.
												 (OR)
				a constructor with zero parameters is called as default constructor.
													(OR)
			a constructor is said to be de+fault constructor when it doesn't have any parameters.
													
	-->THE PURPOSE OF DEFAULT CONSTRUCTOR IS TO CREATE MULTIPLE OBJECTS FOR PLACING SAME VALUES.
note: if there is no constructor in java ,compiler will create default constructor .	
	
2.Parameterized Constructor:
-----------------------------
			a constructor is said to parameterized if and only if it always takes parameters.
												(OR)			
			a constructor which has specific number of parameters is called parameterized constructor.
				
	-->THE PURPOSE OF PARAMETERIZED CONSTRUCTOR IS TO CREATE MULTIPLE OBJECTS FOR PLACING DIFFERENT VALUES.
				
	note:if we create an object with parameterized constructor then it is mandatory to programmer to define parameterized constructor other wise
	it will throws compile tile error.
	 
				
	Example------
				package ConstructersConcept;

public class ParameterizedConstructor {

	ParameterizedConstructor(int a){
		System.out.println(a);
	}
	
	
	public static void main(String[] args) {

	// ParameterizedConstructor pcons=new ParameterizedConstructor(); 	
	}

}
				
3.Object Parameterized Constructor:
--------------------------------------

			
				
				
				
				
				
				
				
				
				
				
				
				
				
				
				
			